I'd slap you. But that'd be animal abuse.
If i throw a stick, will you leave?
If your parent were to divorce, would they still be brother and sister?
I guess those penis enlargement pills are working, you're twice the dick you were yesterday.
Bitch, please move away from the sunlight, I hate the smell of burning plastic.
That triple chin is shaping up nicely.
The last time I saw something like you...I flushed it.
Don't be ashamed of who you are. That's your parent's job.
How many wrinkles does an asshole have? Smile! I'll count them.
I'm no cactus expert but I know a prick when I see one.
Mirrors don't lie and lucky for you they don't laugh.
Your dick is so small that it contains a warning label: "Small objects are a choking hazard. Keep away from children."
The trash gets picked up tomorrow. Be ready.
I can doa  perfect impression of you, right down to the rotten teeth.
Your face could scare the shit out of a toilet!
The only woman to tell you she loves you is your mom.
Seriously? You were the sperm that won?
They say beauty is on the inside. You better hope that's true.
They say people get what they deserve. In your case it's a participation trophy.
You're so ugly your portraits hand themselves.
Anyone willing to fuck you, is just too lazy to masturbate.
You do realize gargling semen won't cure a cold right?
Wait, if you're here, who's scaring away the crows from our crops?
I don't have the time or crayons to explain this to you.
Most know you as my best friend, but gonorrhea doctors know you as 'patient zero'.
Dude, your face looks like something I'd draw with my left hand.
God wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth.
When I say I'm rolling a giant fatty, I don't mean a joint, I mean you.
I wish i had more hands so I could show you more middle fingers.
You know there's no vaccine for stupidity, right?
Are your parents cousins?
Did your mom have any kids that lived? 
Do you ever think how much happier I'd be if your mother swallowed?
Everyone who ever loved you was wrong.
How did you survive infancy?
I don't hate you. I don't care enough about you to hate you.
I don't have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
I hope the worst day of your past is the best day of your future.
I'd agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you.
I'm not as stupid as you look.
If you had another brain, it would be lonely.
If you were twice as smart as you are, you'd be half as smart as you think you are.
It was called a jumpoline before your mom jumped on it.
It's been a pleasure to meet the poster child for the pro-choice movement.
May you stink forever.
Some drink from the fountain of knowledge; you only gargled.
Someone should tear you down and put up a human being.
You are a lesser son of greater sires.
You are depriving some village somewhere of an idiot.
You are the result of a wet dream your mother rolled into.
You should leave before somebody drops a house on you.
You'll never need birth control with a personality like that.
You're as sharp as a marble.
You're not pretty enough to be this stupid.
You're so inbred you might as well be a sandwich.
You're so ugly you make blind kids cry.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Your parents are disappointed in you.
Bless your little heart.
I can explain it to you again, but I don't think I can really help you understand.
I don't care what [insert mutual acquaintance] says. You're great!
That's really awesome especially for you.
I don't think I have the time to explain this to you.
SSSSSHHHHHHH [and nothing else]
As much as I respect and appreciate your opinion...
What do you think about trying something new?
Not to be rude, but...you ugly.
I'm sure you're doing the best you can.
Did you lose weight?
I wish I could eat like you without feeling guilty.
It's nice to see not everyone's obsessed with appearances.
Thanks, but we're gonna go a different way.
Well that was a strangely clever thing for you to stay.
I really admire how little you seem to care what other people think.
Well, at least you're really pretty.
You look so good for your age.
Yay! Someone's not a total asshole today!
Good for you I could never pull that off.
I bet you were really hot back when you were young.  
I'm confused...
I love how you can just wear anything.
Can you explain what you were going for, exactly?